That's it for this module and all the four does app now.
You'll learn a lot about React Native in general how to work with components there and in this module
you'll learn a lot about adjusting your user interface to different device sizes width and height.
You'll learn how to dynamically calculate values if you need to based on the available width and height
and you'll also learned how you can actually also make sure that you don't lock in your width or height
when your app first renders but did you use state and use affect and dimensions add event listener to
re-evaluate and recalculate your dimensions when your orientation changes for example which is of course
a crucial feature.
We also had a look at platform specific code for example by using platform specific files or in most
cases by using the platform API which you can then use with platform select with if checks or with ternary
expressions as we're doing it here to render different styles lay things out differently or render differentiates
X code based on the platform you're running on.
And with that you have all the tools you need to build applications with one code base where you still
have a couple of if checks in there for different platforms or different sizes to have a project where
you work in one project only in one code base but where you are still flexible enough to render different
layouts different styles based on a device size and based on the platform you're targeting.